# Social-Media-Evaluator-Anywhere-in-US
Appen,the #1 Employer on Flexjobs’s Top 100 Employers for Flexible work, is hiring for work from home roles with either 1 or 4 hours daily.  We offer competitive pay, free training and the ability to set your own work schedule.   Our clients are the top technology companies in the world.  We are a global technology and language consulting firm, operating in 130 countries.  We staff projects of 1000s of people to give input that our clients rely on to make the internet experience better for all users.   Don’t miss this opportunity to be part of a rapidly growing global team for the world’s top Internet search engine companies!   As an Online Content / Social Media Evaluator, you will evaluate the quality and relevance of information in your assigned area which may be newsfeed, ads or search results.  You will log in to the site via our tool where you will give input on whether each piece of information is the most effective and relevant content.    Before you receive your first assignment you will complete a qualification process that may span several days. Once accepted on a project, you must meet consistent service levels that measure the quality of your work.   Work schedule: 4 hours a day (you choose which hours) 5 days per week including at least 1 weekend day 20 hours per week Requirements: Computer or smartphone less than 3 years old A secured high-speed Internet connection Strong English communication Active user (daily) of social media Must have at least 200 Facebook friends
Apply on this Link: https://talent-appen.icims.com/jobs/1026/job
